# Overview
This is a web application designed to auto schedule events for a user by processing natural language and leveraging the OpenAI API and the Google Calendar API to access the user's GCal and schedule items.

# Use
To use this application, a user must have a google credentials file (provided) as well as a token.pickle file that 
is autogenerated by the application upon login. Because this application makes use of the Google Calendar API, 
Google authentication is required. The application is still in the testing phase, so there are only a limited number 
of users that are authenticated to use the application so that we did not have to do Google Verification. The 
professor and TA for the course, as well as the members of the team are the only people that can log in to this 
application. An Open AI API key is also required, and is provided in a separate attachment with the project 
submission.

## In order to run the application, the user MUST have the following in the ROOT directory of the project:
1. a .env file with the provided Open AI API key named OPENAI_API_KEY=*ApiKey*(Provided in the turned in version of 
   the assignment)
2. a google credentials file named credentials.json(provided in the turned in version of the assignment)
3. a token.pickle file that is autogenerated by the application upon successful login
4. The provided requirements.txt file must be installed in the virtual environment
5. 

## Running the Application:
All that has to be done to run the application after setup is a run as normal. python(or python3) app.py should 
start the run, and upon first use the user should be redirected to Google login. Login with your CSUMB email address,
and you should be redirected to the landing page. This process should generate the necessary token.pickle file and 
place it in the root of your project repository. 

- Once on the landing page, you should see a prompt in the text box asking what you would like to schedule. 
- To schedule events, they should be reasonably specific, meaning that they should be in the format of "Schedule x on y 
date at z time." 
- It is useful to know that the application does have the context of the current date and time, so it 
is not necessary to specify the specific year as long as you provide the month and day. 
- To delete an event from the calendar, follow the same format, but instead of "Schedule" you would say "Delete x event from y date."

## Addendum
All necessary files have been zipped into the turned in version of the project. Unzipping the file should allow you 
to run it from the same state that we have been with all the files we've been using with minimal setup. Unzip the 
file, navigate to the directory, activate the virtual environment, and run the project.(it has a venv included or you 
can use your own. Using your own means you have to install the requirements, 
using the venv inside should mean you don't have to.)


### Github Link:
https://github.com/tyrellbaker-blip/CST2058246

### Trello Link:
https://trello.com/invite/b/67fd867cb867fd48c503fc0e/ATTI80cdf017f924e715406638a0d802e04bBD5A917A/team-8246

### Future Work:
There is a lot that could be added to this moving forward. It'd be nice to see it turned into a mobile application 
so that it could truly be portable. Additionally, having the application support multiple deletes or additions at 
once would add a layer of both utility and complexity. It could also be expanded such that it could be embedded on a 
desktop or laptop or even used as a google or firefox extension. The idea is that ultimately, the application has 
utility across platforms and modalities so users can move away from having to use their calendars and toward just 
being able to use natural language instead. 